Add valid, invalid disabled text input examples (#404)
govau/design-system-site: content/components/text-inputs/valid-invalid.md

---
layout: component/code-demo
iframe: examples/example-valid-invalid
iframeFullwidth: true
code:
  - HTML: |
      <!--
        Light:  <input class="au-text-input au-text-input--valid">
        Dark:   <input class="au-text-input au-text-input--valid au-text-input--dark">

>         Invalid:  <input class="au-text-input au-text-input--invalid">

Reviewer: Include `Invalid dark:` as well.

Author: I think just invalid and invalid is good

      -->

      <label for="text-input">label text</label>
      <input class="au-text-input au-text-input--valid" name="text-input" id="text-input" type="text" value="value">
  - React: |
      /*
        Light:  <AUtextInput>
        Dark:   <AUtextInput dark>
        Invalid: <AUtextInput status="invalid" />
      */

      import AUtextInput from '@gov.au/text-inputs';

      <label htmlFor="text-input" >label text</label>
      <AUtextInput status="valid" />
---

## Valid and invalid inputs

> Add highlighting to text inputs and text areas to indicate whether user input is valid (validates according to the elements settings) or invalid (does not validate according to the elements settings).

Reviewer: I wouldn't refer to it as highlighting.

```suggestion
Add a border to text inputs and text areas to indicate whether user input is valid (validates according to the elements settings) or invalid (does not validate according to the elements settings).
```
